And I was wondering, what advice do you have for those organizations that are really just
starting to explore, implement People Analytics?
I think if you're just starting a team, developing good relationships with your other leaders
in HR to find out what are their big concerns, what are their pain points where we could
apply analytics to help solve problems would be a big part of that, and that will help
you decide what direction you want to take in building your team if you're just getting
started.
And from there, if you can find the HR leaders, if they are in touch with the business units,
they can also tell you what are the pain points of the different business units.
And from there, you can decide how large a team you need or what do you need people that
specialize in different areas and having a good relationship with each of those different
business units.